h1. Project Launcher

h2. About

A simple, small ruby script to launch commands on a single multi-tabbed OSX Terminal. Project configuration is set in launcher_config.yml, where detection (based on folder precedence) and terminal commands can be setup.  See below for information on installation/usage and setting up. For anything else check the latest commit logs.

h2. Caveats

Ongoing issues with the project launcher include;

* Screencast? maybe if my budget allows it, and Ridley Scott directs it.
* If you run into trouble installing the Appscript gem (rb-appscript) - try "building it from source":http://appscript.sourceforge.net/rb-appscript/install.html
* There are no tests (yet)


h2. Installing / Running

Download the project, and place the contents of the bin/ folder into a searchable bin path.  After configuring launcher_config.yml (see below), you can start launching projects using the following command;

* ruby ./project_launcher.rb _project_name_

Where _project_name_ is the project to search for in the projects folder (set in the config).  To make use of the launcher to launch in your current working directory, set up an alias in your ~/.bash_login file e.g.

* alias launch_me='ruby /full/path/to/project_launcher.rb'

Then (from anywhere) you can simply type;

* launch_me (runs launcher with current working dir as the project)
* launch_me _project_name_

(don't forget to re-source your bash_login before trying this. Type;  . ~/.bash_login)


h2. Configuration

The main config file ("YAML":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) is located alongside the script, in launcher_config.yml. Here is what it all means;

* projects_folder - full path to the folder to search in when you pass a _project_name_
* search_depth    - distance of tree to search in for a matching _project_name_
* project types   - "YAML":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML definition of multiple project types, see below for explanation

Projects types are configured with 3 things;

* name      - (default is the name given when no detection is matched for a project)
* detection - list of folders the project must contain (all of them), in order to match the project type
* tasks     - the actual command to run in the terminal, and a label (for the terminal window) - multiple tasks spawn tabs in a single terminal

h2. Requirements

What do you need?

* OSX (preferably Leopard)
* "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/ >= 1.8.6
* "rb-appscript":http://appscript.sourceforge.net/rb-appscript/ (gem) >= 0.5.1

h3. Get out clause

This script is provided without warranty, support, or a call center in some far away land. If using this script causes the world to stop rotating, and you get transported _back_ to the Island, it's your own fault.

h3. Credits

Inspired by "Solomon White's topic on scripting the leopard terminal":http://onrails.org/articles/2007/11/28/scripting-the-leopard-terminal and adapted 